Help structure:

Issues:

1) how does program know what browser to invoke for help ? If it was a
KDE specific program it could invoke khelpcenter (under KDE 2), but if it
is under KDE 1 it is something different, and different again under Gnome.
2) How does the install script know where to put the help files ? Their
location varies for each of the above help browsers.

The help menu will look like

Help:                <- probably need a Contents too
 Overview
 Introduction
 Main Window
 Edit Person dbox
 Edit marriage dbox
 Notes windows       <- oops, missed this one out
 Preferences
 -----------
 About

The Overview will say what the program is for
                      what type of files it uses
                      what systems it runs on
"Installation" will not appear in the help menu, since by the time
               you can see that, you have presumably installed it
                      how to obtain new versions
                      how to install the version you have
Introduction will     describe how family trees are linked ...
                      hmmm, not sure we need an intro as well as an
                      overview.
The main window       will describe the display and how to move about
                      will describe the drop-down menus
                      will describe the pop-up "Person" menu
                      will describe the pop-up "Marriage" menu

OK, then what about a first-time user who hasn't *got* a GEDCOM to
modify ? They will need to use People->New first to get an Edit person
dbox, which they will need to know about before they even see the
pop-up menus.

Next, where are you going to have the "add child" menu item ?
Logically it belongs on the marriage pop-up. But we create implicit
marriages to unknown spouses (with no INDI record) when we add one
parent to a person. We need to be able to "add child" to create the
same structure, and at that point there is no marriage to click on.

So for an *unmarried* person we need to have "add child" on the *person*
menu, but for a *married* person, it needs to be on the "marriage" menu.

But this is still not adequate. If we know that X was the son of Y,
before he married Z and had family A,B,C ... we may find we want to
add X as a child of Y, *outside* the marriage Y=Z. Currently we can't
do this in !Family either except by marrying Y to dummy, adding a child
to that marriage ... ah, but we can (and maybe its a bug, I'm not sure)

Create Adam married to Bunny, and add a child Clara. Now click on Adam,
add child and delete Bunny from the "mother" field of the edit Dbox.
Call the child Dennis. Click OK. Dennis is now the son of a marriage
with no specified mother and that marriage is inserted **before**
Adam=Bunny. Very odd, because if we tried to do this by marrying Adam
to a dummy wife Edith, adding Dennis and then deleting Edith, we would
get Adam->Dennis from a second marriage after Adam=Bunny.

All of which reminds us of the need to add a menu item for making a
marriage earlier than another one (ie. swap the order of the FAMS
tags for an INDI) Do this to !Family too !!

Ah, and another thing. If you menu on Adam, and open the =>Marriage
submenu, there is only Bunny. The tree "knows" that another marriage
(in the sense of a FAM tag) exists, but it doesn't appear on the
menu, so how could you do a "make this earlier" on it ?

At least in X!Family, there is an "=" sign and its pop-up menu
refers to the relevant FAM object. You can edit it (so you could
know the date and place of a wedding without knowing the name of
one spouse, for example). This menu could indeed have a "make earlier"
item on it.

However, you still have to be able to "add child" to an unmarried person in
order to create a marriage without a spouse.

This seems to have strayed off the point rather a lot

So whilst we are there (off the point) what about cases where we know a person
married, and know some fact about it that we want to record in a MARR tag -
such as knowing the date a person married, but not knowing how to. To have
the MARR tag, you need a FAM object. But with only a WIFE or HUSB tag, no
other person. In !Family, the FAM object would be automatically deleted in
this case, and you would have to have a "dummy" individual in the GEDCOM.

---------------------------------------------------------------

Typical layout of KDE help documents:

The <app> Handbook

Version
Last updated

<author>
<email>

Principal Developer:
<other acks>

Copyright © 2000 by 

This handbook describes <app> version

<app> is a thing for KDE n.n

<hr>

Table of Contents
1. Intro

etc.


Each major section is a page, and each minor section hits an
anchor within the page. Sometimes. OK, KWrite 2. and 2.1 are on the
same page, then 2.2 is a new page, as is 2.3. So, in fact N and N.1
are on the same page, but N.(n>1) are on separate pages

1.1 seems typically to be installation (which is quite
unreasonable), but is often abbreviated to a short comment like:

<app> is packaged as part of the <package> package. For more information
on installing and compiling KDE please see www.kde.org

