ToDo::

URGENT: need to correct interpretation of DATE/TIME so that TIME is at
one level below DATE. Then import Tree16e from Alpharelease directory
on the RISC OS machine. OK, done that, but now lots of dates appear as
@#JULIAN@ <date> - bother, need to add date escape mechanism to this
code too :-( OK, done that too. A problem arises in that FLTK doesn't
seem to provide a way for the user to unset a radio button (ie. to
leave every radio button in a group unset). SO if you say that a date
is explicitly gregorian or julian and then realise that you don't actually
know, you can't just unset both buttons. You would need an explicit "unspecified"
button. If you add the full range of date escape specifiers, you would then need
six (Gregorian, Julian, FrenchR, Roman, Hebrew and unspecified).

The Goto box has a "help" button whihc tries to open up a help page concerned
with the completions window. This is not yet written, nor added to the Help
menu on the main window.

Minor: Make 0 NOTE Person <name> become
            0 NOTE Person @indi-id@ <name>
on output, and modify code to deal with both old and new forms on input.

You probably need to reread and understand ../Display4
Then try to figure out what of that we have already done - presumably none
Well, that's out of date - we seem to have done almost all of it. The only
area not dealt with is that of multiple trees in memory and a master window
with a list of active (though possibly closed) views.

Missing dboxes:

  Marry (this is pointless until we can actually edit the tree !)

Dboxes requiring a rework:

  Possibly famUI - we might want to add tabs for
    Banns
    Marriage Licence
    Annulment           though these are uncommon


---------------

We do not have the great screed of code needed to:

remove a single object and any tags which cross reference to it
 (code now written to remove a single subobject from an object. Note
  that the object still exists, it is merely no longer a subobject, so is
  "out of the structure". Cross references to it should still work.)
insert an object, which, for an INDI, means finding the right point
 alphabetically
massacre the tree

We possibly have a problem with:

managing a display with no people at all in it (try loading an
 empty GEDCOM and see how spectacularly X!Family crashes :-)

---------------

Further completions window work:

add code for complete-to-left
             fuzzy-search

add code to incorporate INDI-ids, titles and dates in suitable columns
add code to size window appropriately (width determined by code which
 formats columns, height minimised to size of short lists)
add code to shortcut when only one INDI is found - copy the name into
 the goto box, rather than doing a goto straightaway

further away - add soundex button for much more fuzzy searches.

---------------

Alpha !Family on RISC OS at least shows Source references for events in Edit
person dbox - these are also needed in X!Family

!Family does completions by hotkey (F1, F2) on many input fields - searches
would also be useful on Mother/Father fields in Edit person dbox. Usefulness
is doubtful on the Name field, but might be some use when edit person has
been opened in response to a "child" menu item. I would prefer that existing
persons be connected as parent/child by doing edit person on the child and
adding the parents (which you could do with a search, as above).

Beware of overloading the neat dboxes for edit person and marriage !!

