> Bugs2·25

When you do something to add a new person (ie. if Edit dbox is first opened
with person%=0) and the dbox closed with "OK" or a <return>, we should check
to see if the person's name now yields a real person already in the tree and
raise an error. This is not a new problem, but takes ages to fix the results
of making a wrong connection and we really ought to be able to spot it.

Edit dbox still has random settings of Julian/Gregorian for events not
 defined in the GEDCOM. In these cases, *both* radio buttons should be off.

Julian dates always seem to be being saved with a blank "3 TIME" subobject

Dates with a calendar escape are yielding "@#DJULIAN@" in the html pages,
which doesn't look good. We should convert to something like "(Julian calendar)"

Marriage dbox is not persistent in the way the Edit person one is

If you menu->Goto <F1 or F2> and get a completions window open, then realise
the person you want isn't on it because you loaded the wrong tree, its easy
to drag a different GEDCOM onto the iconbar icon. The completions window
doesn't get closed, and one assumes that it is associated with all sorts of
pointers into a deleted tree structure. Anyway, you never get the chance to
click on an entry, since you get an abort on data transfer once the new tree
has loaded and the program is blown away. (Discovered 2001-09-26)

However, trying again with the same completions, but loading a much smaller
tree, clicking on an entry in the completions window becomes possible, with
the result that it closes, and a blank Goto window opens. This is not quite
ideal behaviour (the completions should be closed as soon as you start to
load a new tree) but it does appear relatively safe.

In fact, this may be nothing to do with the completions window - I get the
abort of data transfer when loading tree16g over MoreBands - maybe the abort
on data transfer is caused by a name clash and nothing to do with the
completions window.

Its not clear if this fault is new in 2.25, but it seems unlikely.

