How may we close the indiUI dbox and what callbacks do we get as a result ?

1) Click on Cancel
  we call canceledit_cb with userdata set to the indiUI we are closing
2) Click on OK
  we call okedit_cb with userdata set to the indiUI we are closing
3) Click on close icon of dbox
  I believe we don't get a callback at all. This means we won't garbage
  collect the supposedly ephemeral event objects we created. OK, now
  added callback set up in the indiUI constructor


Although, at the moment, I'm not doing that garbage collection anyway, on
Cancel, nor saving changed data away on OK. That's next on the agenda :-)

Issues: If we click on OK, with a notesUI open on a NOTE on an event,
should we save the pre-existing NOTE (if any) or the modified NOTE
back to the GEDCOM at that point ? I think it should be the pre-existing
one, because that is more logical and, as it happens, will also be easier
to implement, because that is what is encapsulated in GEDCOM structures
at the time.

But now, if we have a note of the BIRT, for example, and in this sequence:

1) open indiUI
2) open a notesUI for the birth event
3) add or change some text in the notesUI
4) change a detail in the birth event (or maybe even anywhere in the inidUI)
5) close the indiUI with OK
6) try to save back to GEDCOM from the notesUI.

at (6) we try to use the object with the BIRT tag to add a NOTE subobject to.
but (5) could have entirely removed that object - it might have been an
ephemeral event created for the duration of the indiUI, or we could have
removed the birth event in the dbox.

Equally, (4) could have caused the old event object to be deleted and
replaced with a new one.

OK, we only destroy an event object if it is empty - so to keep it alive
we need to create a subobject of it - in this case, a NOTE subobject.
This should exist whenever the notesUI is open.

Editing in the indiUI will not change the event object - only its DATE
TIME, PLAC, SITE, SOUR ... subobjects, so we should be OK there. The
GEDCOM_object methods should ensure that the NOTE object's private
data structures (like next pointer) are kept in synch - all we have
to do to be safe is to ensure that it continuously exists whilst the
notesUI is open.

So now, what if the BIRT event object was only created so that we
could open a notesUI, but is now saved in the GEDCOM because we closed
the indiUI. If we now close the notesUI with an empty NOTE, we should
destroy the NOTE object. So far so good, but we now have an empty BIRT
event object (which is safe, in that we will never save that to file).
Should we be taking steps to destroy this object ?
