Extending the NOTE and TEXT interface.

notesUI is specifically set up to edit free text in either a NOTE or a TEXT
object. NOTE objects can be added to almost anything - currently we deal with
them on INDI, FAM, BIRT, CHR, BAPM, DEAT, BURI, CREM, MARR, ENGA, DIV.

both NOTE and TEXT will be used in SOURces, including WILL and PROBate records.

SOUR is dealt with in notes elsewhere (and is potentially pathologically complex).
What do we want to put in WILL and PROBate objects, apart from one or both of
NOTE and TEXT ? In examples I have, TEXT is a subobject of DATA (which is a
subobject of SOUR - that seems a cock-eyed way round). In at least one case,
a will has two DATA+TEXT objects, each a subobject of a separate SOUR object

DATE both
PLAC possibly only on probate - although US examples I have quote place, too.
SOUR needed if researcher not working from original document - which begs the
     question, if we are transcribing, do we still need a SOUR anyway, 'cos
     we ought to have a
REPO either here or in the referred to SOUR. If we have SOUR, and it is from
     a ledger of wills in a probate registry, or on microfilm/fiche we need
PAGE of the applicable source.

in most cases of genealogical research, only the will that was in force at
the time of death is going to be available, so most INDIs will only have
one WILL object (all INDIs should only have one PROB objcet). But for those
with private papers to peruse, there may be a whole raft of wills and codicils
to detail. How should we approach that ?

Anyway, looks as if we want a dbox with an Fl_Output for the testator's name
(and GEDCOM id). An Fl_Input for the date (and the usual calendar group)
and one for the place. You could then have a button to reach NOTE or TEXT,
and one for Sources. Or you could incorporate text editor code and a scroll
box into the dbox for the will, which makes for less dboxes, and is
probably acceptable when there are only a few fields to edit, as in this
case.

(More notes on what has already been achieved now archived in BugsFixed dir.)
